(Still need to think up names for things -- But this is the general idea)
---
Introduction

We will start based in a small port town at the southern edge of one of the smaller continents, which has become much busier in recent years due to increased interest in travel to other continents. So it has been growing quickly in size and wealth.

In general the continent is quite wet and mountainous, with much of the population being underground or in large structures built into the mountains.

Recent (last ~10 years) change in government (oligarchic) resulted in increased interest in archeological and magical research on this continent, and all other continents. For centuries, the religious dominance over government policy resulted in the many interesting ruins & magical artifacts being ignored or destroyed, and people who were interested in them being charged with heresy and usually executed.

Due to this, the level of technology and magical advancement in this part of the world was a little behind the rest (generally early medieval level technology). But now, you are quickly catching up due to all the untapped knowledge hidden by the churches. 

The Clerics have decided that they need to be a little lenient with the new changes, but are insisting on careful regulation of arcane magic -- With a process for sanctioning and controlling arcane casters before they are allowed to travel, or access the best training and lore. Almost all wizards are sanctioned wizards, due to the necessity of their training, and they are treated reasonably well by the Clerics. Other arcane casters are usually less trusted until they can show proof that they are a sanctioned arcane caster. The general attitude of the average citizen is still quite distrustful toward magic. 

Despite this, the military has advanced quickly, and are now able to compete with the other nearby nations in all areas...more or less. The treasury has been eagerly funding expeditions to all parts of the world for able adventurers.

In particular, the largest continent in the world is rumoured to have been the greatest source of this new power. But everyone knows that no one, even other nations with more knowledge of these things, goes there. There are all sorts of stories about people that have gone there and suffered for it. 

---
You have all become interested in a job to investigate a warehouse that has apparently had some sort of trouble. The job posting is very vague. You are to meet a representitive of the shipping company within the town tonight for more details, the pay is good at least, and how dangerous could it be?

---
Character origins:
You can be from anywhere in the world, in general, except the scary large continent. If you want to be from a different nation then we can talk about those. Would prefer if most of you were from the one I talked about above. There's plenty of variation on this continent to suit all character backstories.

If you want to know each other before you start, that works too. Work out a shared backstory somehow.

If you are a Cleric, you can choose to be part of the anti-magical group or not as you wish. (Arcana Domain Clerics are all in this group)
If you are an arcane caster (Bard, Sorcerer, Wizard, Warlock, any subclass that gets arcane spells) then you can choose to be sanctioned or not. If you aren't, then you will need to be more careful about your casting, but you won't be tracked by the Clerics unless you come to their attention (Can discuss what this means). Can potentially become sanctioned later.

All races from the Player's Handbook are fine, additionally the Aasimar from the Dungeon Master's Guide. Majority of the population are Humans and Dwarves.
Exceptions (Discuss with me if you want this) -- No Drow (Elf Subrace).
People will be suspicious of Dragonborn.


---
Character Creation

You will start at 3rd level. Start with maximum HP.
You all have your starting equipment plus 300gp to spend on whatever you like from the PHB.

Roll 4d6 and drop the smallest one to determine each of your starting stats. Can be assigned in whatever order you wish.

Multiclass if you like.

Send me a copy of your character sheet when you've completed it.

If you're having trouble working out your character class / whatever, just think up a general idea and I will help you with the rest.

---
Sessions

So, no idea currently when we will start. Probably run on a weekend at Dice Saloon. 
Depending on where the session ends, there will usually be some time span IC between sessions where you can do things like craft items, do some RP alone, buy some items, etc. This can be done on Skype / something similar with me.

---
Additional Rules

I will create a github or something to stick additional rules in, since I am going to have to translate some stuff from 3.5 to 5th edition, like rules for ships & naval combat. 

I have added some additional classes (Artificer & Mystic) to the github, you can play those if you want -- Talk to me about it first. 
